DescriptionVisionGlossary.md, before:


1-) Description
This student registration system is the need of all universities like our university. Unless this registration system design exists , it would be exactly harder to carry out process of taking courses for students.On the other side, there may be many problems while taking courses by students such as course quota,prerequisite courses,collision. 

In order to avoid these problems , we design this software which simulates registration of courses . Basically , student takes courses by using registration system from their cirriculum and advisor observes their requests by taking care of problems mentioned above.

___________________

2-) Glossary
Course : Lessons students take
Course Session : given courses by different lecturers 
Transcript : Students’ grade of lecture records
Advisor: Actor who approves or rejects requests of students for taking courses , stakeholder
Curriculum : All of the semester’s courses
Student : Actor who takes course from system , stakeholder
Schedule : Student’s weekly plan
Semester : A half-year term in school,university
FTE Course : Faculty Technical Elective Course
NTE Course : Non Technical Elective Course
TE Course : Technical Elective Course
Prerequisite Course : Required course must be completed prior to take other course
UE Course : University Elective Course
Credits : Is a way of measuring and impression of particular course


_____________________

3-) Vision 
In the first iteration , our vision is to desing and implement simulation of student course registration which is used by our department.It will be designed by depending on department rules and regulations for taking course. In developing our system , simulation will take input file and arguments such as student,course and simulation runs .

Commit message:

Word change Course to Lecture at Description

DescriptionVisionGlossary.md, after:


1-) Description
This student registration system is the need of all universities like our university. Unless this registration system design exists , it would be exactly harder to carry out process of taking lectures for students.On the other side, there may be many problems while taking lectures by students such as lecture quota,prerequisite courses,collision. 

In order to avoid these problems , we design this software which simulates registration of courses . Basically , student takes courses by using registration system from their cirriculum and advisor observes their requests by taking care of problems mentioned above.

___________________

2-) Glossary
Lecture : Lessons students take
Lecture Session : given lectures by different lecturers 
Transcript : Students’ grade of lecture records
Advisor: Actor who approves or rejects requests of students for taking lectures , stakeholder
Curriculum : All of the semester’s lectures
Student : Actor who takes lecture from system , stakeholder
Schedule : Student’s weekly plan
Semester : A half-year term in school,university
FTE Lecture : Faculty Technical Elective Lecture
NTE Lecture : Non Technical Elective Lecture
TE Lecture : Technical Elective Lecture
Prerequisite Lecture : Required lecture must be completed prior to take other Lecture
UE Lecture : University Elective Lecture
Credits : Is a way of measuring and impression of particular lecture


_____________________

3-) Vision 
In the first iteration , our vision is to desing and implement simulation of student lecture registration which is used by our department.It will be designed by depending on department rules and regulations for taking lecture. In developing our system , simulation will take input file and arguments such as student,lecture and simulation runs .
